# .NETCore HW 02

## chapter 02 Your First MVC Application

### Name: Malachi Evans

#### file: .NETCorehw#02

#### date: February 21, 2019

------------------------------
1. Describe what a controller does in the MVC design pattern.
    + incoming requests are handled by controllers
2. What is the ASP.NET MVC convention in naming controllers? What does HomeController.cs do?
    + Controller classes contain a name followed by the word Controller. Its the default controller that is used in MVC applications. 
3. What is the name of the routing conﬁguration ﬁle? Where is it located?
    + the Index action on the HomeController.
4. What is Razor? How does Razor treat an expression beginning with the at symbol (@)?
    + processes the contents of views and generates HTML that is sent to the browser. It recognizes it and atumaticaly passes it to Razor.
5. How do View methods work?
    + view, which is responsible for rendering it to HTML
6. What is the purpose of MVC models?
    + The model, often referred to as a domain model, contains the C# objects (known as domain objects) that make up the universe of the application and the methods that manipulate them.
7. What is a strongly typed view and why do we use strongly typed views?
    + A strongly typed view is intended to render a specific model type
8. What is the purpose of setting a start page URL?
    + 
9. Describe the diﬀerences between HTTP GET and HTTP POST.
    + HTTP GET:A GET request is what a browser issues normally each time someone clicks a link.responsible for displaying the initial blank form when someone first visits
    + HTTP POST: This version of the action will be responsible for receiving submitted data and deciding what to do with it.
10. Describe the two approaches to validation in web applications.
    + server-side and client-side validation.
11. What is the role of Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) in web development?
    + to aid in the design of the page. 