# .NETCore HW 05

## chapter 05 Working with Razor

### Name: Malachi Evans

#### file: .NETCorehw#05

#### date: February 27, 2019

------------------------------
1. What is a view engine?
    + a componet used to produce content sent to clients.
2. What is Razor?
    + the view engine resonsible for incorporating data into html documents.
3. What do views do? List two specific things in your answer to this question.
    + generste respones to clients, gereates  dynamic content
4. How does Razor respond when it encounters statements that begin with the at character (@)? Be
specific.
    + it insantiates a new object of the specfied type.
5. How does Razor respond when it encounters statements that begin with the at character followed by
the colon (@:)? Be specific.
    + it prevents Razor from interpeting the following as a c# statement.
6. Describe how you implement a standard formatting for all pages in an ASP.NET application.
    + by creating a model
7. What is the diffrence in using Razor to interpolate data values as stand-alone HTML elements and
as attributes to HTML elements. What is the similarity?
    + 
8. What is a view start file and where is it located?
    + an easy way to automatically set properties in in the view folder.
9. What is a Razor code block? What is the syntax of a Razor code block?
    + @{} it allows c# statments to be used inside it.
10. Describe the divergenterent roles of action methods and views.
    +
11. Describe the use of the @using statement. Give an example of how you would use it.
    +it allows types to be used without name spaces.