# .NETCore HW 01

## chapter 1 ASP .NET Core MVC in Context

### Name: Malachi Evans

#### file: .NETCorehw#01

#### date: February 19, 2019

------------------------------

1. What year was ASP.NET introduced?
    + 2002.
2. Brieﬂy describe ASP.NET Web Forms.
    + A set of user inteface componets plus a stateful object oriented GUI programing model
3. Brieﬂy describe ASP.NET.
    + A way to host ,net applications in microsoft Internet Information Services, letting you interact with http request and responses.
4. Brieﬂy describe .NET.
    + A multilanguage -managed code platform.
5. What is Representatiooinal State Transfer (REST)? This will take some independent research.
    + an architectural style for providing standards between computer systems on the web, making it easier for systems to communicate with each other. 
6. What is Agile Development? This will take some independent research.
    + Agile software development refers to a group of software development methodologies based on iterative development, where requirements and solutions evolve through collaboration between self-organizing cross-functional teams. 
7. What is unit testing?
    + Unit tests isolate and exercise specific units of your code. 
8. What year was ASP.NET MVC introduced?
    + 2007
9. Describe URL routing. As part of your answer, discuss the concept of “clean URLs.”
    + A clean URL is a URL that is simple and free from naming based on conventions in the technical details of a site. URL routing is configuring an application to accept request URLs that do not map to physical files. A request URL is simply the URL a user enters into their browser to find a page on your web site
10. What is the relationship between Microsoft’s .NET platform and ASP.NET MVC?
    + ASP.NET was built on .NET
11. Chapter 1 does not discuss the MVC pattern speciﬁcally, and in a sense this entire course is an extended examination of the MVC pattern. Using an independent resource (such as Wikipedia) brieﬂy state the responsibility of (a) the model, (b) the controller, and (c) the view.
    + The Model contains the data the user works with. Provides the "definition" for the program.
    + The Controller are the conduits between data model and view. Define the actions.
    + Views cotain the logic required to display the data to the user. 
