# .NETCore HW 03

## chapter 03 The MVC patterns, projects, and conventions 

### Name: Malachi Evans

#### file: .NETCorehw#03

#### date: February 26, 2019

------------------------------

1. The book states, “Interactions with an MVC application follow a natural cycle of user actions and view
updates, where the view is assumed to be stateless.” What does it mean for the view to be stateless?
 + there is no relation between subsequent request-response pairs. The server can handle each request uniquely and does not have to keep a session state for the client. ... ASP.NET-MVC , however, does not use server-side controls so it doesn't have to maintain state.
2. The book identifies two kinds of models. Briefly desdribe each of them.
 + view models, which represent just data passed from the controller to the view, and domain models, which contain the data in a business domain, along with the operations, transformations, and rules for creating, storing, and manipulating that data, collectively referred to as the model logic.
3. Give an example of separation of concerns from your own life experience. This should be a simple,
everyday example.
+  My personal life is independent of my military life.
4. What is a view engine?
 + a component responsible for processing a view in order to generate a response for the browser.
5. The book notes that the three-tier structure, or n-tier model, is “the most widely used pattern for
business applications.” Why do you think that this is true? An answer like, “Because it works well,”
is not a sufficient answer to this question.
 + THe three tiers create speration and easier to find points of failure, also haveing a indpendent data access layer puts one of the main focuses of a bussiness in a seperate layer to make sure it functions as smoothly as possible.
6. This question requires some outside research. When we study UWP, you will see that the UWP design
pattern is the Model-View-ViewModel (MVVM). What is the difference between MVC and MVVM
that makes the first good for ASP.NET MVC and the second good for UWP?
 + MVVM places the logic, model and the view togther while MVC seperates these three. It is good for a UWP because it is not being used through a server while ASP.NET is made for the purpose of using a web server seperating the three requires less proccessing on the servers part.
7. Describe the two parts of the dependency injection (DI) design pattern.
 + 
8. Give an example of loose coupling from your own life experience. This should be a simple, everyday
example.
 + 
9. What are the two types of testing discussed in the book?
 + 
10. What are the seven steps of the test driven development (TDD) workflow, as stated in the book?
 + 