# .NETCore HW 04

## chapter 04 Essential C# Features

### Name: Malachi Evans

#### file: .NETCorehw#04

#### date: February 27, 2019

------------------------------

1. Using automatic properties is a shortcut that avoids several explicit steps. List the steps that the use
of automatic properties avoids.
    +  you would have to have to created a method to get the properties need, set the conditionala statements to return the properties then verfiy those propeties 
2. Using the object initializer syntax is a shortcut that avoids several explicit steps. List the steps that
the use of object initializers avoids.
    + calling the constructor naming it and then using the name to write accessible fields for the object.
3. What is the purpose of creating extension methods?
    + a convenient way of adding methods to classes that you do not own and cannot modify directly.
4. What is the one feature of extension methods that will always allow you to identify a method as an
extension method?
    + The this keyword in front of the first parameter marks an extension method.
5. How do you create an extension method that filters the results returned by the method on a user
specied criterion?
    + by using the yield keyword in an extention method that operates on a ienumerable list. 
6. Explain the syntax of a lambda expression. The term \lambda expression" originates in the lambda calculus developed by the mathematician Alonzo Church in the 1930's. There is a class of programming
languages that are based on the fundamental ideas of lambda calculus.
    + it takes a method extension and a charcter param and runs a foreach loop to iterate through the interface list checking the index with the charcter.
7. This will require some outside research. What is the distinction between an anonmously typed variable and a dynamically typed variable?
    + dynamically typed variables are checked or defined at runtime while anonmously typed variables hold the place of a type
8. You are having a discussion about C# with a friend of yours that uses another language. You are tellig him about C#'s LINQ library. How would you describe to him the difference between LINQ's SQL-like notation and LINQ's dot notation?
    + a

9. What, exactly, does the await keyword do?
    + it tells the compiler that to wait until a value is returned from the async method before running.
10. What is the connection between await and the async keywords?
    + They allows methods to run in parallel.